[Music]
for the spicy sauce sliced anchovies and
garlic next dried chillies great for
keeping the covers at a hint of heat on
demand
[Music]
then add the anchovy oil to hot pan and
fry the chopped ingredients
add half cherry tomatoes chopped black
olives and salty capers cook to combine
the flavors
in a separate pan ball dry spaghetti
another great store cupboard staple when
the pasta is tender but still firm drain
add to the sauce with a splash of the
water it's full of starch which gives a
great silky consistency
then season with pepper and topless
basil
packed with big bold flavors and ready
in under 20 minutes past with smartos
and cherry and chiles